# 2023-08-28

## Research Associate. Hotspex · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

Ever wanted to join a leading market research consultancy? We are looking to hire a tenacious and enthusiastic team member to hit the ground as Research Associate. This role is hybrid and requires working in our midtown office about 2 times per week.


Some of your significant contributions will include:

· Actively participating in proposal development, report writing, questionnaire design and sample selection
· Involvement in brainstorming and review of Sample Plan Development
· Utilizing a variety of quantitative methodologies
· Demonstrating exceptionally strong research design and core analytical skills
· Exposure to client calls and kick-off meetings
· Working with other departments to co-ordinate project flow through Hotspex
· Focusing on excellent execution of deliverables

About you:

· Post-secondary degree/education, in any of the following:
o Applied mathematics, statistics, or economics, Sociology, psychology or behavioural sciences, Commerce or marketing
o Preferred 1 year experience in a supplier side market research agency
o Project management certification is an asset
· Capable of delivering accurate results in a fast-paced and dynamic atmosphere
· Strong attention to detail and ability to work independently as well as in teams
· Impeccable communications skills, both verbal and written
· Experience handling statistical software packages such as SPSS or SAS as well as being a GURU in PowerPoint, Excel and Word
· The following are assets:
o Understanding of important principles in brand-building
o Understanding the basics of research design
o Background / experience / academic knowledge/passion for Behavioural Sciences

· Wired to have fun and work hard with a great team of like-minded people!

## Geo-spatial Data Scientist & ML Engineer. IntelliCulture · Canada (Remote)

 IntelliCulture is looking to grow our team to drive forward the future of Ag-Tech. Farmers are the backbone of our nation and it is our mission to support them. We provide a SaaS farm management software (FMS) to drive sustainable farming practices through actionable insights, efficiency improvements & risk mitigation. The aim of Intelliculture’s FMS is to provide easy to digest data analytics and map coverage enabling horticulture operations to identify operational inefficiencies, better maintain equipment, and make more informed management decisions. 



Our customers include both consumer and enterprise clients, from small-town Ontario farmers to global Fortune 500 wine producers. Ensuring the timely and quality delivery of product feature growth, as well as conducting rapid opportunity development and customer experiments are the core missions of IntelliCulture’s development team. 



Development at IntelliCulture 


At IntelliCulture, we are looking for an individual who is looking for high levels of responsibility within the organization and is interested in being a leader in driving forward the growth of the company. If you are an individual who could consider yourself to be agile, objective driven, and is looking for an opportunity for learning/broadening your scope of development experiences, we at IntelliCulture would certainly be ecstatic to connect with you, and share the opportunities and challenges that we face. 



As a Geo-spatial Data & Machine Learning Engineer at IntelliCulture, you will be involved in and be responsible for activities developing all portions of the technology stack. The IntelliCulture team expects to value your input across all facets of ensuring product success with our current customers, and be scalable for the expected growth targets of IntelliCulture. In turn, we will make sure that we are aligned with the fit and direction of growth that you expect to partake in as a member of our company. 



Our development activities that you will partake in are 


Developing and implementing next-gen data analysis and features utilizing fleet operations and geo-spatial data 
Making accuracy & time to delivery improvements to application analytics algorithms 
Management and configuration of database infrastructure and data processing pipelines 
Investigating data patterns & behaviours and prototyping advanced learning algorithms 
Contributing ideas to new feature experiments and design processes 


What we expect from you are 


Development of well organized, documented and scalable solutions 
Clearly communicating development action items, design choices and challenges 
Being passionate and empathetic about our customer needs and problems they face 
An effort to continuously improve and grow, both personally and the company 
Geo-spatial Data Scientist & ML Engineer 3 Ability to set and achieve objectives, while managing balance of agility and scalability


Our ideal candidate 


Experience with IoT and geo-spatial technologies 
Experience using or developing GIS applications software and integrations 
Experience with agriculture & offload GNSS telemetry 
Strong knowledge in algorithm design, data models and statistical analysis 
Working experience in developing computer vision and machine learning applications 
Working experience with object oriented and functional programming designs 
Experience with agile & scrum workflow processes 
Experience with git and source control 


Some nice to haves



Familiar with automotive, heavy machinery and farming equipment 


Tools we actively use 


Languages - Python / Bash / Javascript / Typescript 
Data Analysis - QGIS, Shapely, ArcGIS 
Back end - Node.js / Express / Django 
Database - FaunaDB / MySQL / PostgreSQL 
Servers & deployment - Docker / Conda / Nginx / GCP / GKE


## Power System Analyst. Independent Electricity System Operator (IESO) · Mississauga, ON (Hybrid)

The Opportunity

For the duration of this assignment, the focus will be to receive assignments on specific problems related to the maintenance of network models and data as part of the Performance Validation and Modelling team.


What you'll be doing 

Developing, maintaining and troubleshooting power system models used in power flow, short circuit, transient and dynamic stability analysis of the IESO controlled grid across PSS/E and DSATools platforms.
Developing software (Python and SQL) to facilitate and/or automate data processing, or other purposes as required.
Interfacing with Market Participants to gather and assess equipment model and data.
Providing model and data support for the development of market rules, policies and procedures.
Participating in developing and delivering training to IESO staff on issues pertaining to models and data.
Assist with the development of base cases to support Ontario and regional reliability studies by the IESO, participants and other external organizations
Assist with the development and maintenance of suitable models to support the IESO’s Energy Management and Market Systems to enable the applicable real-time and day-ahead operations.
Assist with the maintenance and support the IESO’s contingency analysis software used by off-shift and on-shift staff.
Assist in specifying and reviewing the results of tests to confirm that facilities connected to the IESO-controlled grid satisfy the IESO’s performance requirements. Based on the results of performance tests, investigate transmission and generation models suitable for planning and operating studies.
Performing other duties as required.

What you need to succeed

Requires engineering knowledge of electrical theory, power system analysis and control, mathematics, computers science and the like to carry out engineering, economic or analytical studies related to the management and control of the bulk power system. Requires knowledge of technical writing to prepare effective reports. 
This knowledge is acquired through the completion of an engineering/applied sciences degree from an accredited university or by having the equivalent education.
Must be able to obtain a professional engineering license from Professional Engineers Ontario within a reasonable period of time, with a competency in the field of electrical engineering if being considered for a regular role
Requires experience such as might be gained in the energy industry to become familiar with the general system operation, organizational structure to establish a broad base of contacts. 
Requires experience to become familiar with the nature of studies and investigations carried out by the different sections and groups of the organization. 
Requires further on the job experience to become familiar with methods and practices associated with the work functions. 
A period of over 4 years and up to and including 6 years is considered necessary to gain this experience.

## Canada - Geospatial Data Analyst. Barrick Gold Corporation · Toronto, ON (On-site)

Responsibilities
 Maintain and administer Barrick Global Deposit Database (GDD); 
 Maintain and administer Exploration S&P data feed; 
 Maintain and administer Barrick Power BI Gateway and existing Power BI Dashboards; 
 Maintain and administer Global Exploration SharePoint sites, sub-sites, libraries as required by Exploration team; manage user security, access and control; m igrate and consolidate sites and sub-sites; 
 Consult with and act as liaison to Exploration GIS users, management, vendors and IT on existing GIS software, capabilities and tools; 
 Provide Exploration teams with technical GIS data and mapping support, including, but limited to data acquisition, verifying and troubleshooting positional integrity, data conversion, data integration, data automation, data integration with existing mine technical and business systems; 
 Delivery of GIS maps and data compilations as required; 
 Troubleshoot GIS mapping applications and system problems; work with Barrick IT and external contractors to resolve system problems related to system stability, connectivity, security, etc., determine required remediation and action; 
 Develop, administer and maintain enterprise and project-specific solutions (web mapping viewers, field and mobile maps from Exploration business requirements; 
 Create and maintain SQL database queries to provide relevant information to users across within Exploration; 
 Coordinate and communicate system outages related to software upgrades and security patching; 
 Act as point of contact for submitting enhancement and break/fix support requests; 
 Point of contact for exploration GIS mapping technology and software agreements (ESRI, Safe Software, XTools, TabReader, ShortPoint); 
 Engage external contractors and manage work as required, this includes: preparing scope of work, overseeing project and approving invoices; 
 Apply new technologies that are fit for purpose within the GIS; and 
 Perform other related duties as required. 
Qualifications
 Experience in the mining industry would be an asset; 
 Expertise in the administration of ArcGIS Enterprise in a multi-tier, high-availability deployment; 
 Expertise in Microsoft SQL Server Enterprise Geodatabase administration, geographic data standards and spatial data management; 
 Experience in the administration of ArcGIS Online, ArcGIS Portal, ArcGIS Server and Image Server; 
 Experience producing maps and conducting GIS data management and analysis using ArcGIS Pro and ArcMap; 
 Experience designing and implementing FME workbenches to automate data extraction, transformation and integration routines; 
 Experience working with MS SQL Server on premise and within Azure Environment; 
 Experience working with and deploying MS SQL Server SSIS packages; 
 Experience using Power BI software development, including using DAX queries and functions; 
 Experience administering Microsoft SharePoint, adding users, controlling access to document libraries, and setting permissions. Troubleshooting and resolving SharePoint issues or malfunctions; 
 Web technology and configuration of IIS for GIS deployment; 
 Collaborative and solution-oriented, resourceful, and a self-starter; 
 Excellent organizational, time management and office management skills; 
 Ability to work effectively as part of a team, as well as independently; and 
 Ability to present technical requirements to the business. 

 ## Analyst, Risk Analytics. OMERS · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

 The Risk Analytics team is deeply integrated within OMERS and operates on a foundational principle of trusted partner aligned to and supporting the overall objectives of OMERS. We provide both an independent view of risk-taking activities, as well as analytics and research to inform portfolio construction and risk optimization. The team is responsible for supporting a consolidated view of the total plan risk appetite and investment risk across all OMERS investment platforms.


As an Analyst on the Risk Analytics team, you will be responsible for research, development, and evaluation of quantitative risk metrics employed at the Total Plan level. This will require a combination of knowledge of statistical modeling, macroeconomic trends, and the ability to translate large amounts of quantitative and qualitative information into insights that support effective risk management.


As a member of this team, you will be responsible for 


Supporting the development of initiatives related to Total Plan Risk such as asset/liability management, risk appetite, and climate risk
Computing inputs for the quarterly investment risk report delivered to senior executives and the Board. This includes connecting with people across the organization to compile the required data
Introducing enhancements to existing risk measures and approaches to monitor investment risks across business units, asset classes, industries, and regions
Contributing to the ongoing development of a leading risk analytics program to support OMERS investment activities and the evolution of its investment strategies with a collaborative mindset
Working with investment data to help ramp up the development of insightful tools that support the measurement and reporting of investment risk
Researching emerging risks, trends, and best practices in risk management. This includes following macroeconomic themes, market trends and new research papers to identify opportunities to add insights to the OMERS portfolio
Supporting the team’s technology and automation initiatives and liaising with the Analytics Oversight team to help enhance our data pipelines, risk tools, and dashboard development
Interacting and building relationships with investment professionals across Risk and the investment teams to understand and communicate the needs of the business
Leverage our systems to source large datasets to answer key investment questions
Create interactive dashboards for use by the risk team


To succeed in this role 


The ideal candidate for this role is an individual in the earlier stages of their career with a strong interest in Risk and Data Science, with a desire to apply their knowledge in the investment management domain.


Requirements


University degree in a quantitative discipline such as Math, Statistics, Finance, Economics, Engineering, or a related field
CFA or another financial risk designation or willingness to enroll in one is a strong plus
1-5 years of experience in pensions, climate risk, asset/liability management, and/or risk management is a strong plus
Strong working knowledge of financial markets (public and private/alternative), including an understanding of how financial instruments are modeled
Hands-on experience working with large datasets using numerical computing tools, with a desire to understand business risks through data
Ability to understand and apply complex financial and statistical principles and methods
Ability to build effective relationships internally and externally
Excellent at synthesizing complex analyses and presenting them to different audiences in an easy-to-understand way
Eager to learn and possessing strong intellectual curiosity
Experience using Python (Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib) and Power BI (and/or similar) is an asset
Experience using 3rd party systems such as MSCI Risk Manager (or Barra) and Bloomberg is an asset
Strong written and verbal communication skills

## Data Analytics Instructor. Toronto School of Management · Toronto, ON (On-site)

Toronto School of Management is seeking a highly skilled Data Analytics College Instructor . As an instructor , you will be responsible for delivering engaging and comprehensive instruction in a range of data-related courses including Data Design, Data Handling and Decision Making, w orking with Data using SAS, SQL, and Python, Data Visualization and I nterpretation.


Responsibilities:


 Create and update syllabi and instructional materials for the Data Analytics courses. Continuously improve and refine course content to ensure relevance to industry trends and advancements. 
 Participate in curriculum development initiatives, bringing innovative ideas and industry insights to enhance the Data Analytics program. 
 Conduct interactive and dynamic lectures, discussions, and practical exercises to teach students the fundamental concepts and practical applications of data analytics. 
 Employ diverse teaching methods to accommodate different learning styles. 
 Facilitate hands-on experience for students in using software tools like SAS, SQL, and Python to analyze, manipulate, and interpret data. 
 Encourage critical thinking and problem-solving skills during lab sessions. 
 Develop assessments, quizzes, and projects to evaluate student progress and understanding of course materials. 
 Provide timely feedback and support to help students achieve their learning objectives. 
 Provide individualized guidance and academic support to students, fostering their growth and confidence in data analytics techniques and technologies. 
 Work collaboratively with other instructors and faculty members to align course content, share best practices, and contribute to the overall improvement of the Data Analytics program. 
 Engage in continuous professional development activities, attending workshops, conferences, and training sessions to stay up-to-date with emerging methodologies and tools in the field. 


Knowledge and Skills


 Proficiency in Power BI, Excel, Tableau, SAS, SQL, Python, and other relevant data analytics tools and software. 
 The ability to adapt teaching methodologies to suit the needs of individual learners and varying skill levels. 
 The ability to present technical concepts to diverse audiences effectively . 
 Strong analytical skills and the ability to convey complex concepts in a clear and accessible manner. 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills to engage and inspire students in the learning process. 


Education and Experience


 A Master's or Ph.D. degree in Data Analytics, Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, or a related discipline. 
 Substantial experience working in the data analytics field, with a proven track record in data handling, data design, data visualization, and decision-making. 
 A genuine passion for teaching and mentoring students, with a commitment to their academic success and professional growth. 
 A collaborative attitude and willingness to work with colleagues and administrators to contribute to the overall success of the institution's academic programs. 
 Prior teaching or instructional experience is desirable but not mandatory. 
 Certified in CompTIA Data+ is an asset 

 ## Data Analytics Instructor. Trebas Institute Toronto · Toronto, ON (On-site)

 The Trebas Institute, located in downtown Toronto, is a dynamic creative hub dedicated to creating media artists who will work both locally and internationally as creative professionals in the Business, Technology and Entertainment industries. We offer various programs including a concentrated one-year diploma programs. Classes are project-focused on a hands-on environment and are designed to guide students towards achieving deep technical knowledge while exploring and building their own creative, artistic voice.


We are currently seeking a Data Analytics instructor to join our team. Our instructors are passionate and self-motivated individuals, driven by the desire for success for our students and the industry as a whole.


Job Duties
 Delivering lectures and workshops to students in our Data Analytics program, including:
 Preparation and execution of lesson plans and exercises
 Providing feedback and constructive criticism of student work
 Accurate and timely recording of attendance and grades
 Advising and advancing our project-based educational model
 Adapt to an existing curriculum to help deliver high-quality lesson plans and maintain a unified curriculum. 
 Aiding the employability, achievement, and welfare of a diverse student population throughout the program


Qualifications


 Degree in Data Analytics or BSC Degree or Masters in one or more of the


following: Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Data Science, Operational Research, Management Science or Computer Science


 3+ years working industry experience
 Two years of teaching experience at the college level
 Teaching and guiding students in “real world” big data analytics class projects
 Ability to identify points of improvement in a curriculum
 Good leadership and problem-solving skills
 Exceptional communication abilities with the ability to clearly explain complicated subject matter
 Ability to foster a collaborative, cooperative environment among students & faculty
 Ability and willingness to adapt to changing technologies & educational practices
 Ability to be aware of and manage individual student needs
 Ability to use Learning Management System platforms (Canvas) an important asset


DATA ANALYTICS KNOWLEDGE


Big Data Tools
Data Technology Solutions
Big Data Fundamentals
Python Programming
Basic understanding of Big Data Technologies using one or more of the following: Spark, Hadoop, Tableau, R, MapReduce, Python, JavaScript, Java, HBASE, HIVE and NoSQL. 
Basic understanding of continuous improvement using one or more of the following: Six-Sigma, Lean, Agile, TDQM, Demming, and Kanban. 
Introduction to Artificial Intelligence
Data Encoding Principles and Methods

## Associate Educator, Data Scientist. BrainStation · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

BrainStation is currently seeking a full-time Associate Educator to be part of our dynamic team delivering lessons for our Data Science program. BrainStation Educators have the unique opportunity to teach, research, and work on real analysis problems, while simultaneously building the future of education.


Responsibilities


Contribute to BrainStation’s Data Science Diploma program that will positively impact the lives and careers of hundreds of individuals across our campuses
Deliver lectures and mentor the next wave of Data Science talent
Facilitate in-class activities, group discussions, demos and provide constructive feedback for evaluating student work
Apply BrainStation’s Agile Education methodologies to the program to continuously improve the educational experience for students
Constantly improve your own skills, and apply these skills in collaboration with other BrainStation Faculty members to build the digital platform and tools needed to deliver cutting-edge content
Define the education experience of the future


Requirements


2+ years experience as a Data Scientist or Analytics professional and a Bachelor’s degree relevant to the subject matter 
Strong command of querying and programming languages SQL, R and python - numpy, pandas, sklearn, TensorFlow & Keras), and visualization tools (Excel, Tableau, matplotlib/seaborn/plotly in python packages 
Experience applying various methods of numerical and categorical modelling techniques and supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods (OLS regression and GLMs, logistic regression, KNN, SVM, decision trees/random forest, clustering and cluster analysis, dimensionality reduction, neural networks)
Hands-on development experience working with version control systems (we use Git) 
Practical experience designing and applying data science processes to conduct experiments using a variety of tools and methods, and can speak to their complexities in a simple and logical manner
Experience in a teaching or mentoring role, and are comfortable speaking to large groups
Strong written and verbal communication skills
A proven ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines
An empathetic, friendly, and approachable demeanour
A passion for education and creating positive learning experiences for others
A passion for education and creating a positive learning experiences for others

## Artificial Intelligence (AI) Business Data Analyst. Plenary Americas · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

The Role

We are seeking a skilled and self-starting AI Business Data Analyst to join our team. As an AI Business Data Analyst, you will be responsible for developing a tailor-made AI platform for the company, specifically looking at opportunities to harness the power of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies to drive business efficiencies. You will harness the knowledge of other team members to understand how the business works and you will identify high-impact AI opportunities, develop and execute roadmaps, and guide the organization's AI initiatives. You will shepherd AI initiatives to completion, ensuring they are executed smoothly and in line with business priorities. This role involves full-cycle oversight of AI initiatives and requires a hands-on approach, including willingness and ability to roll up your sleeves and get into the details of the work. The ideal candidate possesses a strong blend of technical expertise, business acumen, and strategic thinking. While leading AI initiatives will be your primarily responsibility, this role may also extend to providing general IT support and supporting implementation of IT efficiencies beyond AI.




Responsibilities

Business context: Ability to interact with team members across the company to understand how the business works and to strategize on how AI can be used to solve business inefficiencies and improvement of automated processes. Primary responsibility to ensure the right infrastructure and resources are in place to produce a successful outcome for AI initiatives that is sensible from a business context.
Opportunity assessment: Identify AI initiatives of high business impact considering feasibility, scalability, continuity and potential impact on business outcomes. Have a clear understanding of different AI strategic use cases to drive value to the business and how AI can be used to stay innovative and competitive long-term.
AI development: Create AI roadmaps (e.g., ML model development lifecycle) including project inception, exploration phase, deployment, training and governance. Define key milestones, resource requirements, and timelines to ensure successful execution of AI initiatives.
Stakeholder engagement: Collaborate with business groups, specifically leadership, to foster a culture of AI adoption. Ensure alignment between technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Project management: Oversee the planning, execution, quality assurance and monitoring of AI initiatives (i.e., model performance testing, model acceptance testing, etc.). Ensure projects are delivered on time, within budget, and address business efficiency.
Governance and ethics: Develop and enforce AI governance to ensure responsible and ethical use of AI technologies. Stay updated on regulatory requirements and industry best practices related to AI ethics and compliance.
Industry and technology research: Stay abreast of the latest advancements in AI technologies, industry trends, and competitive landscape. Continuously evaluate emerging technologies and assess their potential applicability to the business.
Performance tracking and reporting: Define and track key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the effectiveness of AI initiatives. Generate regular reports and presentations to communicate progress, insights, and recommendations to stakeholders. Demonstrate economic value-add of AI initiatives.
General IT support: As noted above, this role may extend to providing general IT support and implementation of IT efficiencies where practical.
Support senior management as required.


Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, or a related field.
Strong understanding of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and related technologies. Familiarity with market AI frameworks, tools and algorithm work is a plus.
Experience in a similar role, with a track record of successfully driving AI initiatives in a corporate environment.
Demonstrated ability to develop and execute strategic initiatives, with a focus on leveraging AI to solve business problems and drive efficiency.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to translate business requirements into IT & AI solutions.
Strong communication and stakeholder management skills. Ability to influence and collaborate effectively with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Knowledge of AI governance, ethics, and regulatory considerations is desirable – i.e., Safe AI, Ethical AI, Fair AI, etc.
Up-to-date knowledge of industry trends, emerging technologies, and best practices in AI.
Project management experience, including the ability to lead and coordinate cross-functional teams.
Strong organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.
Passion for innovation and a forward-thinking mindset, with the ability to envision and articulate the strategic potential of AI in driving business transformation.

## AI/ML Scientist - Junior. Momentum Financial Services Group · Toronto, ON (On-site)

GENERAL FUNCTION


Money Mart's Analytics & Risk Organization is responsible for managing the risk-reward throughout the lifecycle of our credit products and customer journey. This is an exciting organization where the contributions by the team members can really help Money Mart’s bottom line and create experiences that our customers love.


Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning are at the core of modern FinTech. You would be part of a new, cutting-edge Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning center of excellence, tasked with developing innovative solutions for helping the business grow and become more efficient. You get the gist – enjoy the experience of working on high impact, Silicon Valley style projects, while living anywhere in the country. You also get to learn about how data is revolutionizing the world of consumer financial services.


Duties/Responsibilities


The AI/ML modeling team is diverse, passionate and on a mission to build state of the art Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning(ML) models that support all facets of the growing digital and retail business. We have built a state of the art Machine Learning platform including a full service modeling feature store so this is a huge opportunity to shape the future vision of the company and build on this technology. If you are looking for a growth opportunity and working with talented individuals, come join us! We value collaboration, take ownership mindset and the importance of thinking like an engineer with the curiosity of a scientist.


Responsible for AI/ML model development and deployment end to end including problem definition, data collection and analysis, feature engineering and model monitoring
Work on a modern AI/ML platform including a newly built feature store
Evangelize AI and ML across the company as we make the AI transformation of the company
Work in a cross functional capacity across all business units including product, marketing, operations, risk, fraud, compliance and finance
Use every dataset at disposal to enhance existing feature store for AI/ML models
Leverage software engineering best practices for quality, scalability, maintainability and robustness
Scope and build model monitoring services for the team
Present model results to senior management and appropriate committee
Perform on going model monitoring, model testing and update the developed model as required


Qualifications


EDUCATION


Master’s degree (PhD. Preferred) in a quantitative field such as Decision Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Operations Research or Engineering


Experience


0-2 years experience with building and deploying ML models into production especially in the area of unsecured personal lending


Skills


Strong development experience with Python is a must along with ML libraries (pandas, numpy, scikit learn, TensorFlow)
Familiarity with H2O, Azure ML and Amazon Services
Experience in SQL and database optimization
Ability to thrive in in a fast paced, team oriented environment
Experience working in a fintech or finance/banking institutions is nice to have but not required
Strong communications skills and ability to translate technical verbiage to business and senior management

## Data Scientist. Assurance IQ · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

About The Position

Assurance is seeking a skilled and enthusiastic Data Scientist to join our Shopper Outreach and Interaction team within the larger Data Science department. This role has a heavy focus on data modelling, metrics development, analysis, and experimentation. We’re looking for someone excited about crafting top-notch data products and utilizing them to conduct thorough investigations, pinpointing areas of potential growth for our business.

Role Responsibilities:
Develop and implement advanced data models to extract valuable insights from complex datasets.
Build robust data pipelines for efficient processing, ensuring high data quality and accuracy.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify areas of opportunity for analysis, deriving actionable insights to drive business decisions.
Provide expertise in designing experiments and A/B tests, measuring outcomes, and contributing to data-driven decision-making.
Employ statistical techniques and (if appropriate) machine learning algorithms to analyze data and uncover patterns, trends, and opportunities.

Qualifications:
Proficiency in either Python or R, and expertise in SQL. 
Experience and working knowledge of data pipelines and advanced data manipulation. 
Experience with BI tools like Tableau or Looker (preferred), or any other industry tool such Qlik, PowerBI, Spotfire, etc.
Excellent communication ability – you can explain your work in a way that anyone on the team can understand, and you can frame problems in a way that ensures the right question is being asked. 
Business Acumen – you are always eager to understand how the business works, and more specifically, how your work impacts the business. 
Enthusiastic yet humble – you are excited about the work you do, but you are also humble enough to embrace feedback – you don’t need to be the smartest person in the room. 
Bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, data science or related field of study. 
Ability to work independently, with little oversight or guidance.

Nice to have:
Experience with data framework tools, such as dbt.
Familiarity with common machine learning models and their use. 
Capable of performing an in-depth analysis and summarizing findings inone day. 
Comfortable having conversations with our executive team and non-technical team members to distill down their needs and to deliver actionable insights.

## Business Intelligence & Data Analyst. Xero · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

 In order to thrive in this role, you will need to be highly organized, super passionate about delivering insights and carry a rare balance of technical and interpersonal skills. The role demands an advanced skillset in data retrieval (predominantly through SQL) and the ability to translate complex datasets into meaningful insights for non-technical stakeholders. Xero is a fast paced environment, therefore you will need to enjoy dynamic changes and communicate with a broad range of stakeholders to ensure strategic alignment. 

 


About the Role

Data Analysis: Collect, analyze, and interpret large volumes of data from various sources such as SFDC, SFMC, GoogleSheets and Snowflake to identify trends, patterns, and insights relevant to business goals.
Reporting and Visualization: Develop interactive dashboards, reports, and visualizations using tools such as Tableau, MicroStrategy, Google Sheets or similar software to effectively communicate complex data in a clear and concise manner.
Performance Monitoring: Monitor and track key business metrics, highlighting areas of improvement and providing recommendations for optimization.
Error Handling: Ensure that potential reporting errors are proactively caught, fixed and communicated about before being discovered by stakeholders
Data Governance: Ensure data accuracy, consistency, and integrity by implementing and maintaining data governance best practices and standards.
Data hygiene: Collaborate with team members and Global counterparts to determine and maintain housekeeping rules such as naming conventions, use of GitHub, automated execution of stored procedures etc.
Collaboration and Communication: Work closely with stakeholders to understand their analytical needs, present findings, and effectively communicate insights to both technical and non-technical audiences.
 


What You’ll Bring With You 

Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field.
Experience with relational databases and/or writing SQL queries
Experience designing, building and managing relational database within environments such as Snowflake
Familiarity with GitHub.
Familiarity with business processes, operations, and key performance indicators (KPIs) in the [industry] sector is a plus.
Knowledge of additional programming languages such as Python or R is desirable.
Proficiency in SQL for data retrieval and manipulation, and experience working with databases such as Snowflake, PostgreSQL, or similar.
Proven experience as a Business Intelligence Analyst or similar role, with a strong understanding of data analysis techniques, methodologies, and tools.
Expertise in data visualization tools like Tableau, Power BI, QlikView, or similar software.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to translate complex data into actionable insights.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills to effectively present complex information to stakeholders
Strong attention to detail and the ability to work independently as well as in a team-oriented environment.

