# Virtual Data Analyst / Entry level (Remote). Talentify.io · Canada (Remote)

What To Expect (Job Responsibilities)


 Collect and analyze large datasets using a variety of tools and techniques
 Identify trends, patterns, and anomalies in data and communicate findings to stakeholders
 Develop and maintain dashboards and visualizations to provide stakeholders with a clear understanding of data trends
 Assist with the development of data-driven strategies to improve business outcomes
 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to support business needs and provide insights


What Is Required (Qualifications)


 Bachelor's degree in a related field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or Computer Science
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
 Proficiency in SQL, Python, and/or R
 Knowledge of data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI
 Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
 Ability to work independently and as part of a team

 # Data Scientist. Colliers · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

 You are a passionate Data Scientist, adept at leveraging statistical and machine learning techniques, including Natural Language Processing (NLP), to derive insights and craft business-ready data products . Your expertise lies in collaborating with business stakeholders to pinpoint business challanges and develop analytical solutions. You thrive on building and fine-tuning machine learning models, delving deep into data analysis, visualizing findings, and effectively communicating insights to the business. Does this resonate with you? Apply now!

What You Bring
Bachelor's or higher degree in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Sciences, or Data Science or Certification in Data Science
3+ years of experience working as a data scientist or in a related field.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strong programming skills in Python, R, or another statistical programming language.
Strong experience with SQL and database technologies.
Proficient in the data exploration process, with a keen eye for identifying patterns and anomalies.
Demonstrated expertise in data cleansing and preprocessing to ensure quality and consistency for analysis.
Experience with machine learning techniques, including time series analysis
Strong communication (verbal and written) and collaboration skills.
Bonus Skills And Experience
Experience working with cloud-based data platforms, such as AWS or Azure.
Experience with shaping organization governances and processes in building and using ML products
Experience with Azure ML.
Experience with deep learning techniques, such as neural networks and convolutional neural networks.
Experience with NLP/LLM (i.e., Langchain) and Generative AI
Experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, PowerBI, or matplotlib.
Experience with experimental design and statistical hypothesis testing.
Knowledge of infrastructure or real estate
What Success Looks Like
Work with business stakeholders to identify and understand business problems and develop analytical solutions to address them.
Build and maintain statistical and machine learning products, including NLP, to solve business problems.
Perform data analysis and visualization to communicate insights to business stakeholders.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop data-driven solutions.
Identify and evaluate new data sources to improve modeling and analysis.
Develop and implement processes for data preparation, model development, and model deployment.
Stay up-to-date with the latest trends and techniques in data science and machine learning.
Communicate complex analytical concepts and results to non-technical stakeholders.
Maintain documentation of analytical work, including code, models, and analysis results.

# Business Intelligence Analyst. Export Development Canada | Exportation et développement Canada · Ottawa, ON

As a Business Intelligence Analyst, you will be responsible for building dashboards and providing in-depth reporting and analysis on business results that help to drive informed decision making. The candidate will have the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and translate business data into digestible information that provides insights and improves corporate processes. A strong communicator, the successful candidate will have a natural curiosity to understand why things are happening and the share their findings through effective communication to varied audiences. The successful candidate should possess deep analytical skills, a results-focused approach, while striving for quality improvement to impact business results and customer experience.


Discipline Summary


Develop and maintain in-depth reporting and analysis for the different lines of business across EDC.
Develops and enhances core team analytics, including reports, dashboards, and curated datasets.
Develop analytics, forecasting, and actionable data insights on Business Performance data.
Perform all aspects of the data lifecycle including consulting with business users for requirements gathering, translating the requirements into viable solutions using wireframes, building and testing of the developed solution and deployment to the necessary environments.


Key Responsibilities


Design and build Power BI dashboards that provide insights and drive decision making across EDC’s Sales and Product teams.
Work with business stakeholders to gather reporting requirements.
Build and review wireframes with stakeholders.
Determines the best source of information to suit users’ needs.
Perform data profiling and data mining activities based on business requirements.
Provides analysis of query/report output for clients and/or conducts statistical analyses, interprets results and writes reports to explain findings.
Explains complex data to audiences with varying data literacy.


Screening Criteria 


Undergraduate degree in relevant discipline.
Minimum 1-2 years of experience in business intelligence and reporting, or related experience.
Basic knowledge of business intelligence and reporting principles and practices.
Advanced Excel skills.
Advanced Power BI skills.
Strong communication, problem solving and collaboration skills.


Assets


Experience creating wireframes (using software such as Figma or Illustrator).
Experience with advanced analytics, such as statistical modeling, forecast modeling, and machine learning.
Strong design skills.
Experience writing SQL queries (Microsoft SQL Server or Oracle).
Experience using R and/or Python for analytics.
Experience with Data virtualization software, such as Denodo.
Bilingual in both official languages (French and English).

# GIS Specialist – Entry Level (Hybrid). Barr Engineering Co. · Calgary, AB (Hybrid)

Barr is seeking a GIS specialist to join our team in Calgary. This position involves GIS work including map and figure creation, data formatting and editing, data management, data analysis, and quality control. The person in this position will act as the primary internal consultant for GIS projects in the office in which they are based. The position will require identifying, determining, and communicating GIS best practices and resources for technical solutions for both internal and external clients. Project responsibilities may include working with and interpreting aerial photos, analyzing both raster and vector data, completing database entries and queries, working with internet map applications, coordinating GIS work with other software applications (e.g., AutoCAD, Google Earth), and using standard GIS extensions.


Minimum Qualifications


Bachelor's degree in GIS, environmental science, or related field
1+ years of post-graduate GIS experience
Experience with Esri’s ArcGIS 10.x Suite or ArcGIS Pro Suite for map creation, spatial data analysis, and data management
Experience sourcing and working with data and imagery from a range of public sources
Ability and willingness to work independently or as part of a team
Attention to detail and strong organizational skills
A flexible working style, self motivation, and willingness to occasionally modify personal schedule to meet project commitments
Capacity to thrive in fast-paced work situations
Conscientiousness concerning the accuracy, appropriateness, and timeliness of results
Strong interpersonal, oral, and written communication skills
Legal authorization to work in Canada without the need for sponsorship from Barr Ltd., now or in the future.
Possession of a valid driver’s license and acceptable driving record.


Preferred Qualifications


Master's degree in GIS, geography, or related field
2+ years of post-graduate GIS experience
Experience in consulting
Experience with AEPA flood studies
One or more years of relevant experience working with Esri’s ArcGIS Pro software
Field experience working with Trimble TerraSync or ArcGIS Collector/Field Maps/Survey123 mobile data collection applications
Experience with GPS data collection and processing
Experience working with Esri’s ArcGIS Online
Experience with ArcSDE Enterprise Geodatabases Scripting/programming skills (JavaScript, Python, etc.)
Familiarity with AutoCAD, Adobe Illustrator, gINT

# Data Scientist - Data Analytics and Infrastructure. Ample Insight · Toronto, ON (On-site)

We are looking for Data Scientists who are passionate about analytics and using data to help drive business decisions. You enjoy working with structured and/or unstructured data and are motivated to produce highly actionable results. You are experienced in architecting data ETL workflows and schemas. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for this role.


Qualifications


BS (or higher, e.g., MS, or PhD) in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or Statistics
Hands on experience working with user engagement, social, marketing, and/or finance data
Proficient in Python (i.e. Pandas, Numpy, scikit-learn, etc), R, TensorFlow, amongst other data science related tools and libraries
Extensive experience working on relational databases, designing complex data schemas, and writing SQL queries
Deep knowledge on performance tuning of ETL Jobs, SQL, and databases
Analytical mind and strong business acumen
Working knowledge of Snowflake
Devops experiences a plus