# GIS Consultant, Core Solutions. Esri Canada

GIS Consultant responsibilities include: 
Assist the team in analyzing business needs, defining use cases, modeling client requirements, and defining functional specifications. 
Work with the team in the design and delivery of business solutions addressing clients' problems and requirements. 
Prepare technical documentation to support solution development and delivery, including but not limited to requirements documentation, solution design documentation, deployment documentation, training documentation, etc.
Ensure the smooth delivery of assigned tasks as specified in the project plan. 
Provide expertise during cost and effort estimation, design, development, and implementation of robust GIS solutions. 
Contribute to the development of project plans for assigned projects. 
Assist in the preparation of proposals, e.g., RFPs, RFIs and RFQs
Actively engage the sales team to advance the value proposition of consulting with current and prospective customers. 
Proactively pursue self-instruction on all relevant technical topics. 


Specific skill requirements: 
3+ years of work experience with Esri GIS 
Hands-on experience with ArcGIS Online and ArcGIS Pro
Experience with ArcGIS Enterprise
Self-starter with strong consulting, communication, and customer focus.
University degree in computer science or engineering or geography with post-graduate GIS qualification. 
 
Considered assets for this position are the following: 
Experience in Transportation GIS: familiarity with ArcGIS Roads & Highways and ArcGIS Network Analyst Extension
Understanding of relational database theory and data modeling
Experience assisting with requirements analysis workshops and business analysis tasks/documents
Experience and strong interest in deploying ArcGIS Enterprise with related IT configuration (security, proxies)
Esri Technical Certification

# IT Cloud Database Administrator. Real Estate Council of Ontario · Toronto, ON

The role

Under the direction of and working with the Manager, Application Development the IT Cloud Database Administrator will be engaged in modernizing RECO’s data reporting environment structure. This role will work as an integrated member of the Application Development team and drive cross functional data initiatives from beginning to end with various business units. A key function is to interact with Business teams to better understand the technical functionality requirements and analyze data requirements and their impact to the existing systems.


Position responsibilities

Design, develop, implement, and maintain databases (cloud or on-prem) to collect and integrate current/historical data from various sources/systems.
Design and develop ad-hoc/scheduled reports and dashboards for various business units.
Write Stored Procedures / Functions.
Design and Develop ETL processes and unit tests in a data warehouse environment.
Preparing data verification and testing methods for data/applications loaded into the warehouse to ensure compatibility across different sources.May assist with the planning and execution of events.
Implementing procedures for maintenance, monitoring, backup and recovery for the data warehouse and related systems.
Conducting research into new data management systems and determining viability for adoption.
Perform DBA tasks if needed (Indexing, Query Tuning, Manage Database security, etc.)
Analyze and document BI needs and its processes. Share technical expertise with the team and provide recommendations to implement design and code reviews.


Qualifications and experience

University degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field. 
Undergraduate Degree or Technical Certificate.
Minimum of 8 years of experience in an IT Data Warehouse development and administration field.
Minimum of 4 years relevant experience of ETL Developer
Minimum of 2 years of experience with MS Azure
Azure Data Engineer and/or Database Administrator certifications considered an asset. 
Strong experience in working with various source and target systems (Azure SQL and on-prem MS SQL Server, Power BI, Dynamics 365, Web API services, flat files) 
Work with CRM and BI team members to develop RECO’s ETL and SQL code to satisfy business requirements.
Create MS SSIS packages and Azure Data Factory resources as required.
Develop stored procedures, SQL queries and tune/optimize SQL code on cloud and on-premise SQL Server databases
Perform administrative duties for MS Azure cloud and on-premise databases
Execute unit tests to ensure the accuracy of code changes, and to verify that data integrity and performance requirements are met
Participate in team’s on-call support schedule, works on incident and enhancement/maintenance tickets assignments and delivers excellent technical support
Create and maintains technical documents, including data models
Mentor developers on best practice ETL and data modelling standards, drive and participate in design and code review sessions
Sound to advanced knowledge of the business, technical environment, standards, processes, procedures, programming languages and operating systems.
Readiness and motivation (as an experienced developer and subject matter expert) to address and resolve complex issues, guide/advise/support clients, partners and project teams, often working on multiple medium-to-large sized projects.
Commitment to and belief in the quality of your deliverables.
Experience in designing security architectures to mitigate threats. 
Knowledge of computer networking concepts and protocols (e.g. TCP/IP, DNS) and network security methodologies. 
Knowledge of network access, identity, and access management (e.g. public key infrastructure, Oauth, OpenID, SAML).
Knowledge of remote access technology concepts. 
Knowledge of application firewall concepts and functions (e.g. single point of authentication enforcement, data anonymization, DLP scanning, SSL security).
Knowledge of cybersecurity designs for systems, networks, and multi-level security requirements or requirements for processing multiple classification levels of data.
Knowledge of risk management processes and experience in conducting risk assessments. 
Familiarity with the application of privacy principles to organizational requirements. 
Knowledge of identity and access management methods. 
K Strong analytical and problem-solving skills capable of managing projects that drive business objectives. 
Exceptional written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills.
Ability to work in team environments and to negotiate with multiple stakeholders.
Ability to meet tight deadlines and to prioritize tasks. 
Innovative thinker who is self-directed and resourceful. Knowledge of business continuity and disaster recovery operation plans. 

# Oracle PL/SQL Developer. First Derivative · Mississauga, ON

Oracle PL/SQL Developer



Responsibilities:

Understand the data and perform data analysis to support building new reports and modify existing reports.
Analyze users’ needs and design as necessary.
Perform code promotions and test that reports are operating correctly.
Perform Technical Review of requirements, analyze source data and provide gap analysis.
Demonstrate Company’s Core Competencies and values held within.
Collaborate, coordinate, and communicate across disciplines and departments.
Research, construct, develop, and test complex SQL and PL/SQL scripts for new reports.
Coordinate cross-functional projects as assigned and interact with all areas of the organization to achieve timely results.
Communicate with end users on report or environment issues.
Provide weekend and off-hours support, as needed.
Use structured coding methodology and “code once use many times” methodology so that the developed code is reusable.
Perform code reviews/walk-throughs and unit testing of code developed by contract or new developers.
Work with team members to develop program units that integrate seamlessly into the overall system.


Requirements:

Knowledge of PL/SQL, SQL, XML.
Oracle Database PL/SQL Developer Certified Professional must.
Experience with XML, Oracle Database, SQL, PL/SQL, and Unix Scripting.
Skill using RDBMS systems such as Oracle & SQL Server.
Bachelor’s degree in computer science/Information Technology or related field; or the equivalent combination of education and experience; Oracle DB Developers.
Heavy DB experience along with knowledge/exposure of some middle tier technology.

# BigData Hadoop Developer. Tata Consultancy Services · North York, ON

• Candidate should have good number years strong working experience with Hadoop platform.
• Strong hands-on experience on Hive, Spark with Scala.
• In-depth knowledge and extensive experience in building batch workloads on Hadoop.
• Adept in analyzing and refining requirements, consumption query patterns and choosing the right technology fit like RDBMS, data lake and data warehouse.
• Should have knowledge of analytical data modelling on any of the RDBMS platform / Hive.
• Proven practical experience in migrating RDBMS based data to Hadoop on-prem.


Good to Have:


• Hands-on experience working with Terra bytes \ Peta bytes scale data and millions of transactions per day.
• Skills to develop ETL pipeline using Airflow.
• Knowledge of Spark streaming or any other streaming jobs
• Ability to deploy code using AWS Code Pipeline and Bit bucket is an added plus.
• Expert in any of the following programming language: Scala, Java and comfortable with working on Linux platform.


Roles and Responsibilities:


• Understand requirement from product owners and translate into requirement and scope documents.
• Decide on the best fitment of technologies/services that are available in scope.
• Create Solution for data ingestion and data transformation using Hadoop services like Spark, Spark streaming, Hive, etc.
• Create technical design documents to communicate solutions to the team and mentor the team to develop the solution.
• Build the solution with Hadoop Services as per design specifications.
• Assist team teams to build test cases and support with testing the solution.
• Coordinate with Upstream, Downstream and other supporting teams for production implementation.
• Provide post-production support for Solutions implemented."