# Data Analyst. FOUR20 · Calgary, AB

Summary

The Data Analyst is responsible for optimizing the impact of the data available to our business by collaborating with the Operations, Finance & Merchandising teams. A primary focus of the role is to ensure the raw data available to our business is being analyzed and delivered to key stakeholders in a manner that maximizes and empowers strategic decision-making. We are a cannabis company, and it is important that applicants have an enthusiasm for learning more about the industry and the product. The Data Analyst reports to the Senior Category Manager.


Essential Functions

Acquire, transform and analyze data from multiple sources ensuring data quality.
Implement and design databases, data warehouse and data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reporting to key stakeholders.
Design and develop reports, dashboards, KPI scorecards, aggregating data from multiple sources, including creating reports and dashboards in Power BI and other data visualization tools.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Develop or work with 3rd parties to implement and support data analytics and reporting solutions and processes.
Support internal teams with cross-business unit projects, proactively identifying potential risks or issues to the business and providing scalable solutions to ensure business continuity.
Communicate cross-functionally with different business units to understand the big picture and facilitate healthy information flow.
Support a continuous learning culture, including sharing learnings and promoting process improvements across the business.


Education, Skills, Experience, Knowledge and Supervisory Responsibility

Enthusiasm for cannabis and comfortable familiarity with the product
Fundamental problem-solving orientation, an eye for detail, and a conscientious work ethic.
Advanced MS Excel and Power BI skills are a must have.
Experience and familiar with leverage POS systems for functionality and data
2+ years working in Data Analytics, Supply Chain Management and/or Accounting/Finance capacity preferred.
Experience in an inventory management role an asset
Bachelor’s degree in a relevant discipline an asset
Proficiency in data manipulation and analysis using common enterprise tools (MS Excel, etc.)
Proficiency in data visualization and dashboard creation are key components of this role.
Analytical abilities, deductive reasoning, and critical thinking skills with a focus on attention to detail and data accuracy
Strong communication and presentation skills, able to effectively translate big ideas and complex market-based developments into digestible sound bites.


Work Environment

This position operates in an office environment.

# Data Analyst. Mohawk Medbuy Corporation · Kingston, ON

Reporting to the Director, Systems & Improvement, this position is responsible for maintaining the centralized master data repository in SAP for the region. The Data Analyst works within a team of analysts to ensure accuracy and timely input of data including material and vendor masters, contracts, info records, source lists and USL requests while following established policies and procedures. This role is expected to deliver high quality results to meet or exceed Member expectations and project deadlines. 

 


Key Responsibilities

Analyze incoming data requests for accuracy and completeness.
Troubleshoot and resolve data issues, escalating if necessary.
Identify root causes of problems or discrepancies and recommend sound solutions.
Validate completed work to deliver high quality results to customers of data and reports.
Communicate pertinent information and raise issues to applicable manager in a timely and professional manner, enabling timely problem solving and issue/risk management.
Work co-operatively with internal and external customers to fully understand the customer’s requirements.
Work closely with customers for knowledge sharing, mentoring, and training.
Responsible for data mining and analysis as required.
Run predetermined reports that support a variety of data management processes, customer requirements and standards adherence.
Provide support to plan, develop, evaluate, and make recommendations for process improvements or automation.
Provide support to implement data changes.
Understand business metrics and work as a team player to reach goals.
Assist with projects relating to data.
Responsible for cross training staff and maintaining training manuals for Data processes in order to ensure optimum data resources. 
Other responsibilities and duties as assigned.
 


Qualifications and Skills

 
Community College or equivalent (3 years). Business, Accounting, or Inventory/Operations Management education an asset.
Minimum 2 years’ recent experience as a Data Analyst or related Inventory Management experience in a hospital or supply chain organization an asset.
Excellent analytical, organizational and prioritization abilities with a strong attention to detail.
Highly motivated with the ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Demonstrates professionalism and pride while taking ownership of assigned duties.
Collaborative and cooperative attitude.
Proficient demonstrated computer skills including MS Office, SAP report generation and Excel (Intermediate level)
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal 
Excellent customer service skills 

# IT Platform Support Specialist. Vaco Lannick · Greater Toronto Area, Canada

About the Opportunity

Reporting to the IT Director (Applications Development & Platform Services), this position will be responsible for supporting web-based applications (IIS), workflow solutions, and managing servers in MSSQL environment.


About You

Experience with any workflow and data integration solution applications (ie. Power Automate, K2, Nintex, Intapp Integrate, Flow, etc.)
SQL/Power Bi experience - understanding and connecting to SQL databases (update data, retrieve data)
Excellent written and verbal English communication skills
Ability to commute to Downtown office twice per week
 
Bonus Items

Support web-based applications (IIS)
Certifications: Microsoft Office Specialist Certification and Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist certification in application area of specialization

# Data Tester. Insight Global · Canada

Day to Day:
This person will be joining a team of QA/Data Engineers to help build out an Enterprise Data Warehouse as well as lead in efforts as they transition from manual testing to automation testing. This person will be responsible for backend data testing, creating test cases and automation frameworks for data pipelines, as well as writing complex SQL queries and identifying/problem solving issues related to the manual to automation transition.


Qualifications:
5 years of professional QA experience within Manual and Automation Testing
3 years of experience using Python
Experience working with Datawarehouse
Experience creating automation test cases and frameworks for data pipelines
Experience writing complex SQL queries
Database testing experience