# Database Administrator. Distributel 路 Ottawa, ON

Distributel is seeking a database administrator (DBA) to join our growing team. We're looking for someone who's passionate about data with a good understanding of best practices. Our team strives to make life easier for those around them in a space that has many interesting challenges yet to be solved.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Maintenance of all retail administration servers.
Maintenance and production support of all retail administration MSQL databases.
Rationalizing/simplifying all automated report functionality, including reporting cube functionality.
Creation of database documentation and ad-hoc queries.
Communicate effectively with management, users, and team members to accomplish related results.
Attending and contributing to development meetings.
Maintenance of all retail administration servers.
Maintenance and production support of all retail administration MSQL databases.
Rationalizing/simplifying all automated report functionality, including reporting cube functionality.
Creation of database documentation and ad-hoc queries.
Some Post-secondary education in computer science or equivalent experience.
3+ years professional DBA experience.
Basic understanding of software architectural concepts and workflows.
Expert understanding of TSQL and MSQL.
TSQL code review of stored procedures.
Release and Change management (DB side).
Test automation for stored procedures (Billing procedures in particular).
Data migrations.
PCI and data retention compliance.
Database design and analysis. Performance metrics and improvements.
WORKING CONDITIONS: 
Hybrid work schedule.
Some on call for emergencies.
TOOLS & TECHNOLOGY USED: 

Microsoft SQL
JIRA
CREDENTIALS: 

3+ years experience, Microsoft SQL experience, stored procedures, JIRA.
LANGUAGE REQUIREMENTS: 

Must be able to fluently read, write and communicate verbally in English to support clients, work with vendors, use third party software etc.
French is a strong asset.
SKILLS & ABILITIES: 

Ability to disseminate information to users.
Ability to work on several projects simultaneously.
Excellent skills in schedule management.
Demonstrates rigor, autonomy, and attention to detail of a job well done.
Creative and innovative, bringing new solutions and / or ideas for the continuous improvement of business.
Results-oriented with an ability to work with tight deadlines.
Ability to adapt in a changing environment.
Demonstrated interest towards new technologies
Excellent attention to detail.
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral.
Excellent interpersonal skills to promote teamwork.
Good critical thinking skills.

# MicroStrategy Developer. Tech Mahindra 路 Mississauga, ON

We are currently looking MicroStrategy Developer for the below Job description to join our team with one of our client.


Location - Mississauga, ON
Mode - Contract


Job Description.


3yrs+ experience building reports and dashboards in MicroStrategy as a superuser\developer
Expert level SQL query language developer with experience querying Big Data systems (Hadoop\Hive\Impala\Trino)
Working directly with network engineers the developer will gather requirements for reporting and act as an expert in data visualization when finalizing project delivery and ensure expectations are met. 
Developer will also be required to support existing MicroStrategy reports and perform diagnostics\repair when needed.


Tech Mahindra is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We promote and support a diverse workforce at all levels of the company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or disability. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence, and performance of the essential functions of their positions. Tech Mahindra provides accommodations for employees with disabilities. If you require a specific accommodation because of a disability (whether temporary or permanent in nature), please contact recruitment point of contact so that arrangements can be made for reasonable accommodations to be in place during the application, interview, and assessment process.

# Data Center Engineer (Linux). Quantum Technology Recruiting Inc. (QTR) 路 Toronto, ON

Our client is a company that specializes in file storage and document collaboration to help teams stay safe, secure, and connected in the cloud. The client is looking for a Data Centre Engineer to maintain the 2 data centers they have. The successful candidate will take ownership and automate tasks using shell scripting.


Key Responsibilities:

Infrastructure Design and Management

Install, configure, and manage servers, networking equipment, and related components, ensuring high availability, performance, and security.
Continue to scale out their high availability 200PB+ in-house storage infrastructure. Perform extensive hands-on work within a datacenter.
Monitoring and Performance Optimization

Implement robust monitoring and alerting systems to ensure timely detection and resolution of issues within the infrastructure.
Analyze system performance and identify areas for optimization, making necessary adjustments to improve efficiency.
Security and Compliance:

Implement best practices for securing hardware and network infrastructure, including access controls, encryption, and vulnerability management.
Ensure compliance with industry standards and regulations related to hardware and network security.
Troubleshooting and Issue Resolution:

Diagnose and troubleshoot hardware and network-related incidents, working closely with software developers to identify root causes and implement effective solutions.
Provide timely response to critical incidents and participate in on-call rotation as needed.
Documentation and Knowledge Sharing:

Create and maintain detailed documentation of infrastructure configurations, procedures, and troubleshooting guidelines.
Share knowledge and expertise with team members to foster a collaborative and learning-oriented environment.

# Data Modeler IV. Astek Canada 路 Toronto, ON

SUMMARY OF DAY-TO-DAY RESPONSIBILITIES:


Here's some of what you may be asked to perform- Perform data analysis and assess data management requirements for a specific Platform or Journey, including complex analysis involving multiple pods or products 
Maintain expert knowledge of upstream data, including knowledge provided through data profiling, data quality reporting, and via the production of metadata 
Support the acquisition and ingestion of data Articulate complex, large scale, and high impact technical design and development details to non-technical business partners 
Elicit, analyze, and understand business and data requirements to develop complete business solutions, including data models (entity relationship diagrams, dimensional data models), ETL and business rules, data life-cycle management, governance, lineage, and metadata 
Ensure data is maintained in compliance with enterprise data standards, policies, and guidelines 
Develop and maintain complex data models using Erwin or other industry standard modeling tools 
Develop and maintain complex ETL jobs and frameworks using the Bank's standard tools 
Provide support to the development and testing teams to resolve data issues, including escalation support on complex issues 
Support partners and stakeholders in interpreting and analyzing data 
Build effective working relationships within own pod and across partner teams to encourage collaboration on all pod deliverables 
Coordinate with technology work teams such as ITS, ARE, Architecture, Enterprise Protect etc. to ensure overall delivery success 
Ensure metadata and data lineage is captured and compatible with enterprise metadata and data management tools and processes.


MUST HAVE:
Data Modeler experience
Previous work with multiple stakeholders
Converting raw data into patterns
Experience with data analytics
Experience of data life cycle
ETL experience


NICE TO HAVE
Case management
Building an application from the ground