# Data Analyst. VersaBank · London, ON

Key Responsibilities:

 
As part of the Data Team, the Data Analyst will play a key role in designing, developing, and maintaining reporting solutions. As a data storyteller you will derive valuable insights and be instrumental in enabling effective performance monitoring and decision making for VersaBank and the leadership team. You will also focus on improving efficiency, accelerating existing processes through automation, and will be a key player in fostering a data-driven culture across the Bank.


As a Data Analyst you will be expected to use your analytical experience to create reports, conduct query profiling, and ensure data accuracy and integrity for the team.
 


Primary Responsibilities include:



Design, develop, and maintain data visualizations, interactive dashboards and paginated reports allowing users to see key insights within the data.
Support business users with self-service reporting needs and reports, providing training when necessary.
Ensure data accuracy, integrity, and security by playing an active role in data governance through mapping, cataloging, and classifying data assets.
Participate in data warehouse design by suggesting schema changes and additions to support business requirements.
Assess and compare various reporting technologies by creating prototype solutions to analyze their functionality, effectiveness, and suitability.
Conduct query profiling, optimization, and execute ad-hoc queries as needed.


Qualifications:

 
Bachelor’s degree in business administration, Statistics, Computer Science, or related field.
1-2 years experience with relational databases, creating scripts as well as developing reporting using Power BI (preferred), Tableau, Qlik, or similar analytics platform required.
Knowledge and experience using data warehouse concepts and principles including star schema design
Familiar with multi-dimensional structures, modelling, design and technologies.
Strong SQL skills and a solid understanding of query optimization and profiling tools and techniques.
Experience with cloud-hosted data platforms such as Azure Synapse Analytics / Microsoft Fabric (preferred), Amazon Redshift, or Snowflake an asset.
Understanding of data governance tools (e.g., Microsoft Purview).
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with an ability to clearly presents findings and recommendations to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Excellent analytical, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills.
Exceptional attention to detail and a self starter who is highly organized, and able to prioritize effectively.
Prior experience working in banking, or the financial industry would be an asset.
 

# Data Analyst / Analyste de données. FlightHub · Montreal, QC

Many career paths can prepare you for this life-changing opportunity, but preferably, you’re highly skilled to:
Working databases such as MySql;
Working with Microsoft Excel (advanced) and SQL;
Working with data visualization tools such as Tableau, PowerBI, Looker;
Identifying ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality;
Auditing data to validate accuracy;
Ability to pinpoint patterns and make recommendations;
Working with stakeholders to assist with data acquisition, data-related technical issues and other analytics needs;
Working in a fast-paced and technological environment, with strong communication skills.
Critical Competencies
2+ years of experience in a similar role;
Extensive knowledge and experience of online payment processing industry is highly encouraged;
Ability to learn and understand various business processes related to e-commerce and travel;
Ability to build models, queries & reports from scratch using databases, SQL queries, and Excel;
Experience with visualization and business intelligence tools such as Looker;
Be comfortable auditing data to validate accuracy and completeness;
Effective problem solving, analytical and documentation skills leading to ability to pinpoint patterns and make effective recommendations;
Working in a fast-paced and technological environment, with strong communication skills and respecting strict deadlines;
Ability to manage large amounts of data and turn said data into meaningful analysis to respond to various inquiries;
 Please note this position is in Montreal, Quebec and on-site.

 # Data Analyst, Product Analytics. Thomson Reuters · Toronto

 If you’re an experienced data analyst who is ready to take on the challenge of collaborating with stakeholders, delivering insights through data-driven storytelling, and driving analytics initiatives, this could be the right job for you.


Thomson Reuters is seeking a Data Analyst for the Tax and Accounting product analytics team. The analyst works as an extension of the product team and collaborates closely with design teams and senior analysts, to support upcoming decisions and long-term goals.


This role is part of the Thomson Reuters Product Analytics team, a group of approximately 20 analysts of varied backgrounds who share ideas, best practices, and learnings with each other. This is an ideal role for a product or business analyst who is great with data, has some experience with stakeholders, and analytics initiatives, and is ready to take the next step in their career.


About The Role


In this opportunity as a Data Analyst - Product Analytics, you will:


Implementation: Partner with senior analysts to establish measurement plans and then work with developers/platform architects to deploy relevant product analytics solutions (like Pendo) and ensure the right metrics, journeys, and events are captured in-product


Center of Excellence: Partner with product teams to define and maintain support processes


Improve Product: Use product analytics/data to recognize patterns and trends to understand user behavior and identify improvement opportunities


BI/Reporting: Partner with BI teams and other analysts to build dashboards and reports, including baselines and trends for page performance, feature usage, and customer segments


Thought Leadership: Demonstrate thought leadership by leveraging analyses to understand products, derive insights, run experiments, and deliver business and customer outcomes


About You


You're a fit for the role of Data Analyst - Product Analytics if your background includes:


2-4 years of hands-on product analytics experience with exposure to agile/scrum processes, product backlog grooming, etc. 
2+ years of experience using SQL; building and documenting queries for consistent team use.
2+ years of experience using Alteryx or other ETL tools.
2+ years of building data visualizations with products like Tableau, MS Power BI, or similar. 
2+ years of experience driving data-driven decision-making within product teams going beyond report generation to deliver insights. Experience with analyses such as customer journey mapping, audience profiling/segmentation, cohort analysis, tag management, and A/B testing.
Demonstrated experience using statistical packages within Python/R to analyze structured and unstructured datasets and deliver insights on product usage and performance.
Exposure to product analytics tools such as Pendo, Amplitude, Adobe Analytics, and Google analytics is an asset.
Building and maintaining support processes. Jira, MS Azure Dev Ops, and MS SharePoint experience is an asset.
Strong communication skills, including experience in supporting and communicating data-driven analyses to various departments and stakeholders.
Tax or Accounting subscription products experience is an asset.
