# Data Modeler. Wipro · Toronto, ON (On-site) 

Wipro Limited (NYSE: WIT, BSE: 507685, NSE: WIPRO) is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 220,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future.


Wipro is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and makes all employment and employment-related decisions without regard to a person's race, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by applicable law.

JD


Need an experienced data warehouse modeler with last 4 years delivering data warehouse modeling & cananoical models. 

 Should be an expert in SQL
 
Should be able to open Informatica jobs & understand requirement


Should be well versed with financial services industry
 Experience customizing FSLDM is a big plus
 ETL turned data modellers are NOT suitable for this role
 Should be able to process requirements into detailed LDM/PDM and extending/customizing existing PDM/LDM is mandatory
 Should own communicating to project teams on requirements to PDM & should work with design/dev teams througout the project delivery
 Having expertise on multiple modelling techniques is desirable

 # SQL Business Intelligence (BI) Reporting Analyst. Procom · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

 On behalf of our client in the Professional Services Sector, PROCOM is looking for a SQL Business Intelligence (BI) Reporting Analyst. 
SQL Business Intelligence (BI) Reporting Analyst– Job Description


Responsible for developing analyses and insights to better understand our customers, and making meaningful impact to drive key business outcomes 
Collect, analyze, and model data to advance the customer analytics space and build a broad understanding of the customer and relevant segments 
Working cross functionally, at all levels, your work will help inform our efforts in acquisition, retention, and segmentation, by converting complex business strategy/stakeholder requirements to metrics and data visualizations 
Maintain a high bar with regards to data quality and validation 
 
SQL Business Intelligence (BI) Reporting Analyst– Mandatory Skills


3+ years' experience in data analytics/data science, transforming data into business insight 
3+ years' experience with SQL, Hive, or SparkSQL 
2+ years of Data Visualization tools like Tableau, DOMO, Power BI 
Solid Communication skills: Demonstrated ability to explain complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences 
Willingness and ability to adapt to rapid business and organizational changes that accompany a high-growth environment 
DATA SCIENCE 
HIVE 
DATA QUALITY 
METRICS 
POWER BI 
DATA VISUALIZATION 
DATA ANALYTICS 
PYTHON 
SYSTEMS ANALYST 
SQL 
SEGMENTATION 
QUICKBOOKS 
TABLEAU SOFTWARE 
 
SQL Business Intelligence (BI) Reporting Analyst- Preferred Skills


Experience with programming language R or Python a plus 
Experience with AB testing a plus 

# Junior GIS Developer. Matrix Solutions Inc. · Canada (Remote) 

Junior GIS Developer



OUR PURPOSE

To unlock a sustainable future, we apply our combined expertise to create a positive impact for the planet and future generations.



At Matrix Solutions we collaborate across services, disciplines, and geographies to solve environmental challenges together – motivated to do better for our clients, each other, and the communities where we live and work. We deliver responsive, locally connected, and scalable solutions to help our clients achieve their ambitious goals for a more sustainable and resilient future.


WHO WE ARE

One of Canada’s leading providers of environmental consulting and engineering services. With a proud history of nearly 40 years delivering innovative, pragmatic, and sustainable solutions for public and private sector clients. Matrix is a proud part of Montrose Environmental Group, with a network of teammates across 90+ locations around the world.


WHAT WE DO

We partner with clients and communities to solve challenges. It’s our job to unlock solutions that shape a resilient future where our clients, people, communities, and environment thrive.


OUR COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION

Our team is made up of diverse people working collaboratively towards common goals. We value the contributions and perspectives of all employees and are committed to equity and diversity initiatives to create a feeling of belonging for all of our people. When we are inclusive and diverse in a way that reflects the broader world we serve, we are able to draw from a wider community of excellence within the regions we operate.


Are you looking to...



Collaborate with clients and subject matter experts throughout the organization to deliver digital solutions that drive meaningful outcomes for our clients and communities 
Work with a talented team of digital services professionals to solve data management challenges across various environmental and engineering disciplines 
Design and develop tools and automations to support projects 
Have autonomy and the opportunity to interact and work with a community of technical experts form other Matrix regions
Join a well-respected environmental consulting company 


As a Junior GIS Developer, you will join our Project Technology Solutions team. Candidates can be based in any Matrix office location. 



The successful applicant will be responsible for delivering reliable GIS, spatial data management, and enterprise GIS solutions to our internal teams and clients, utilizing the ArcGIS Enterprise suite. They will pay a crucial role in diverse data management projects, with the following responsibilities: 



Drive efficiency and improve the quality of our environmental field work by spearheading the implementation of digital field data collection workflows. This will involved utilizing Collector for ArcGIS and enterprise geodatabases to streamline the process
Expediate the clean-up of abandoned oil and gas sites by automating GIS deliverables 
Help our clients manage their projects by developing web mapping applications
Provide real-time data for emergency spill response crews by developing data translation scripts and tools in Python 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including GIS, Environmental Data Management, IT, and consulting professionals
Design, develop and maintain Matrix's spatial data infrastructure including ESRI enterprise geodatabases, ETL processes, and ArcGIS Enterprise content 
Design and develop Python tools and scripts to support enterprise workflows and GIS analysis 
Provide expert operational support to our people and clients regarding spatial data management, geodatabases, and GIS
Oversee and manage Matrix's ArcGIS spatial data infrastructure
Availability for occasional off-hours support is required 


What We Are Looking For



A degree or diploma in GIS, Geomatics, Information Technology, Computer Science, or a related discipline
Proficient in the data management lifecycle, relational databases, and extract-transform-load (ETL) concepts
Expertise in spatial coordinate systems and transformations 


1-3 years of experience with: 

ESRI's ArcGIS Desktop and/or ArcPro Suite 
SQL Server and T-SQL
Python development 


The following are considered an asset: 

Experience working in a production GIS environment
Proven experience with raster and statistical analysis 
Familiarity with ArcGIS Server, Portal, Image Server, FME and Model Builder
Consulting experience 