# SQL Developer. Techedin · Toronto, ON

We are hiring for a (SQL Developer) in Canada. This role requires 80% (SQL) and 20% (PowerBI) so we are looking for person who has strong SQL hold.


Minimum Qualifications


Please find the job description below.


Bachelor's degree or higher in a quantitative field 
3-6 years of experience in data analysis role 
2+ years of experience in Python, SQL, and visualization tool like Looker/PowerBI 
A proven track record of decision making and problem solving based on analytics. 
Conceptual thinking skills must be complemented by a strong quantitative orientation. 
Strong business judgment, leadership, and integrity.
should be a tenacious decision maker, able to bring a healthy, aggressive, yet responsible approach to business. 
Excellent written and oral communication skills, coupled with strategic influencing skills
and the ability to drive agreement through intellect, interpersonal and negotiation. 
Self-starter and adaptable. You're energized and thrive in a fast-paced environment. 
Solid understanding of databases and proficient in writing SQL in systems like Hive, Snowflake and Presto. 
Strong skills in BI tools and Excel.


 Must Have


SQL
PowerBI
Data Analysis
Minimum education requirement? : Bachelors
Certification not required - but good to have - PowerBI
Minimum years of experience: 3yrs

# Python Developer. Randstad Canada · Toronto, ON

Python Developer (Contract Position)

Number of Positions: 1 Filled: 0 Duration: 8 months
Location: Toronto, ON, CA
Must be eligible to work in Canada
Hybrid position, 3d/w in office in Toronto


Must have skills:
5+yrs of Python coding, design and application support
R SQL and Excel programming
Experiences of consulting clients in designing and implementing risk and data analytics, business intelligence and reporting solutions to provide meaningful insights for effective decision making and achieving operational efficiency.
Responsible for breaking down strategic problems, working with external and internal stakeholders, design, develop, and implement solutions to meet management requirements.
Extensive hands-on experience with Financial/Statistical/Risk/Data modeling using Python, R, SQL and Excel programming.

# Data Warehouse Developer. Altis Technology · Ottawa, ON

Our reputable client in the defense sector is seeking a skilled Data Warehouse Developer to join their team on a permanent basis. This role would be hybrid (1 day a week in office) in Ottawa. The successful candidate would require to be eligible for Secret Security Clearance and meet the following requirements.


Roles and Responsibilities

• Develop and maintain the organization’s Data Warehouse. Includes but not limited to SSMS, SSAS and SSIS solutions.
• Model various complex data sources using the Kimball methodology.
• Provide data as a service to end users via the Data Warehouse.
• Provides analytical and technical support for complex requests, projects, or initiatives.
• Perform Database Administration tasks for the various Data Warehouse environments and objects.
• Document and maintain the existing Data Warehouse environments.
• Work with the business to ensure appropriate governance is applied and adhered to in accordance with IT best practices.
• Carry out data validation with the Applications Manager to ensure reports are pulling all correct data accurately and achieving customer needs.
• Where applicable, develop the reports within the existing Data Warehouse and ERP.
• Develop reports and extract from multiple data sources & perform other duties as directed.


Qualifications and Skills

• 4+ years of relevant experience including experience with data repository design and maintenance and database administration and complex reporting analysis.
• Eligible for a Canadian Secret Security and ITAR Clearance.
• Minimum of 3 years’ experience of Data Warehouse technology - SSMS, SSIS, SSAS.
• Thorough understanding of the Kimball data modelling methodology.
• Minimum of 3 years’ experience of working with Microsoft technologies.
• Experience of report writing using SQL, Crystal, Power BI, SSRS, Business Intelligence or other reporting tools is preferable.
• Experience working in a large-scale organization with ERP systems.


If this role aligns with your expertise and interest, we invite you to apply today!


https://portal.altis.com/jobad?b=altistechnology&jobid=10540-BI-Developer

# Database Developer. Quantum Technology Recruiting Inc. (QTR) · Toronto, ON

Position: Database Developer
Location: Toronto / Remote
Type: Permanent, full-time


Our client, a leader in cloud-based platform solutions in retail, is currently seeking a Database Developer with Test Data Management Platform experience to join their team. They have a collaborative team and an amazing work culture with great growth potential!


Your new role:

You will play a pivotal role in ensuring the smooth operation of their databases and test data management processes. Your responsibilities will include planning, designing, and executing Test Data Management solutions and strategies for our enterprise applications, working as a technical expert to maintain data integrity and provide suggestions for process improvements. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams, including Senior Database Administrators, developers, QA, and Cloud teams, to maintain database integrity and optimize performance.


Key Responsibilities:

Architecting database solutions, optimizing database performance, and handling connectivity issues and storage resources.
Implementing end-to-end TDM, scheduling data updates for development and testing, and providing data queries to support engineering and user needs.
Acting as a data quality expert, supporting the software engineering team in maintaining the development and test environments and ensuring documentation compliance.
Data modeling, query performance optimization, proactive database monitoring, and responding to alerts.
Researching technical problems, analyzing business requirements, and evaluating alternative design approaches to meet project needs.
Developing strategies and solutions for automated database management and monitoring, enforcing database design and development standards, and handling common database procedures.
Providing expertise in building high-availability, scalable, and secure database systems.


Key Requirements:

5+ years of hands-on experience in building TDM Frameworks for enterprise applications.
Proficiency in Test Data Masking and profiling.
Extensive experience with Microsoft Azure Cloud databases, Microsoft SQL Server, and database replication.
Strong SQL Server database development skills.
Familiarity with Monitoring & Diagnostic tools, and knowledge of Azure Data Factory.
Experience with Synthetic Data Generation Implementations, TDM tools, Azure infrastructure automation with Terraform, and Test Automation Framework development using open-source technologies would be advantageous.

# Data as a Service (DaaS) - Developer. Astek Canada · Toronto, ON

Responsibilities:
• Understand business requirements and translate them into well though out SAS and SQL processes.
• Work with business stakeholders to bridge the gap between business requirements and technical implementation.
• Write optimized and efficient SAS and SQL code.
• Bring new ideas and technology improvements to the team to enhance the way we work.
• Help support our production support team with optimization, decommission and code failures.
• Collaborate with a team of developers to evolve your understanding of technology and ETL development.


Skills - SQL, ETL Development in a large data warehouse environment.
SAS experience is preferred, but not required. A relatively good understanding of SQL is required.