# Associate Product Support Specialist. OpenText

Req id:  37103
Waterloo, ON, CA
 

OPENTEXT - THE INFORMATION COMPANY

As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management. 

 

 

The Opportunity 

As an Associate Product Support Specialist, you resolve difficult customer issues and contribute to the overall growth of the business and your peers. With great training, effective leadership, smart processes, timely communication, regular coaching, and a strong support system you will be spared no effort in your pursuit of continued success. You will: 
 

Achieve high levels of customer satisfaction when responding to customer requests via phone or email 
Troubleshoot technical and non-technical issues with the tools and skills after product training, often working issues that could not be resolved at previous support levels 
Ensure customer has best product that suits their needs 
Provide guidance to fellow Associate Product Support Specialists 
Participate in the content creation lifecycle for support documentation 
 
We are looking for people who are interested in continued growth in their technology career with OpenText. An ideal candidate will invest in this job as the true career opportunity it is. A successful Associate Product Support Specialist is a person who is a self-starter, who can navigate difficult situations and conversations with a professional attitude and seeks opportunities to improve the customer experiences we provide.  

 

You are great at: 

Assist customers with live and deferred transactions via phone and email with account based and technical support inquiries. Provide advanced troubleshooting on issues that have been escalated by previous support levels, including but not limited to, missing data and advanced technical issues. 
Provide advanced troubleshooting on issues including but not limited to, missing data and advanced technical issues. 
Learn the technical architecture of Opentext products
Properly escalate cases to the appropriate teams as needed based on issue complexity and process documentation. Work closely with these teams to identify new trends/resolutions. 
Work Independently and properly manage assigned cases with proactive case management best practices and close the loop on escalations to other teams. 
Assist in the content creation/editing process for our Knowledge Bases by creating and editing content as necessary based on findings within your support interactions. This includes but is not limited to documenting new issues and solutions, editing existing content for clarity, and identifying content that is no longer relevant.  
Assist fellow representatives with live assistance to facilitate issue resolution. Utilize existing systems to document assistance sessions that aid the business in identifying trends. Collaborate with Customer Support Management as needed, to review data, identify solutions, and assist with implementation. 
Participate in the Customer Support Mentor Program where you will provide specific guidance to fellow representatives on targeted opportunity areas. Clearly communicate results of mentor sessions and proposed next steps to Customer Support Management. 
Continued use of Support utilities (CRM, Customer Account Information, Knowledge Base, Training Materials, etc.) to think critically and resolve assigned customer interactions.  
Strive to achieve our established KPIs of Customer Satisfaction (CSAT) and Quality (Critical Error Accuracy). 
Assist Engineering and Development teams by reporting issues, reproducing issues, dogfooding, and testing provided patches. 
Remain current on internal alerts, trainings and process changes that are designed to prepare you for the evolving requirements of the role.  
Participate in outbound campaigns and additional projects that further strengthen Customer Support efforts as needed. 
 

What it takes: 

What will make you successful at OpenText: 

You enjoy learning about new technologies and teaching others about them. 
Ability to interact with people and can adjust your communication style based on their individual needs 
Ability to navigate difficult conversations with customers 
Passionate about resolving customer issues and making a proactively resolving issues for future customers 
Quick learner and follows process 
You won’t be satisfied until you are an expert in what you do 
Strong focus on continuous improvement and career progression 
Be a key team contributor, promoting a positive team environment and team growth 
Be able to manage the various daily duties with a smile 
A track record of judgment and decision-making  
Highly autonomous and able to independently identify high value projects 
Demonstrated leadership capability in cross-functional team environments 
High degree of comfort with complex technical environments 
Having and being able to articulate/defend an informed opinion on important topics 
 

Skills & Experience: 

Passion for providing quality customer service and technical support 
Demonstrated strong analytical and critical thinking skills 
Technical proficiency in: Windows (Desktop and Server environments), Mac OS, desktop applications, networking, security, and web applications 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Experience in a training/mentoring role is preferred 
Associates Degree in a technical field or equivalent experience is preferred  
Ideally 1-2 years' experience supporting Windows (Desktop and Server environments), Mac OS, desktop applications, networking, security, and web applications 
AS, BS or BA degree in a computer related field preferred.  Equivalent work experience will be accepted in place of the education requirement.