# Application Support Analyst. CAAT Pension Plan · Toronto, ON (Hybrid)

We are looking for someone with:

Bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer engineering or equivalent training or experience.
Two (2) to four (4) years of experience in IT support.
A minimum of Two (2) years of experience working with Azure Cloud Platforms, Windows/Linux Systems, Monitoring Tools.
Knowledge and experience with scripting (Python or PowerShell), APIs and databases.


The successful candidate will demonstrate:

Ability to take a business-centric and holistic approach in delivering support.
Ability to take ownership of an issue and drive resolution while communicating effectively.
Exceptional experience in collaborating with other team members toward a common resolution or goal.
Problem solving ability while working individually or within a team environment.


Once here you will: 

Provide tier 2 support for critical applications for complex technical issues and support deployments.
Investigate and troubleshoot application incidents, perform root cause analysis, and provide timely resolutions to minimize business impact.
Consult with development teams and internal users to improve application performance, including bug fixing, performance optimization, and enhancement recommendations.
Create and update documentation as required to provide a better support experience for our end users and expand internal knowledge management system.
Identify and resolve technical problems in applications, including code-level analysis, while adhering to established Service Level Targets and Incident Management process.
Offer technical expertise to internal customers through collaboration with the end-user community for clarification of requirements and the communication of solutions.

# Business Analyst. Bank of Canada · Ottawa, Ontario, Canada (Hybrid)

As a Business Analyst, you will be the voice of the Business within the Scrum Team including facilitating communication with, as well as eliciting requirements from the business stakeholders, leading, and coordinating all activities related to the clarification and understanding of the requirements from your team members and leading the investigation and resolution of issues during critical operations.


More Specifically You Will


 Enable the development of IT assisted solutions while ensuring that the members of your team fully understand the features required to improve financial market operations applications. 
 Play a strategic role by reviewing and analyzing options to improve the Bank’s business solution capabilities to meet its evolving needs in response to domestic and global economic conditions. 
 Work closely with all business lines to ensure that the end-state solution meets the Bank’s expectations. 
 Work within with your assigned Agile Scrum team to contribute to completing the team’s tasks, including test preparation and testing. 
 Continuously learn the business processes and functionality of the Financial Markets Department to acquire the knowledge required to support your colleagues. 
 Provide strategic and analytical expertise about our different business unit operations to detail, validate and more importantly clarify requirements and their potential impacts. 


What You Will Need To Succeed


You are an analytical thinker, capable of identifying the root causes of inefficiencies in business processes and IT solutions. You are also a change contributor, self starter, and effective communicator with the ability to collaborate, ask the right questions, and transcribe answers so that they are understandable. You will demonstrate a solid proficiency in the underlying competencies as described in the BABOK® Guide.


In Addition, You Have


 Experience as a Business Analyst in a technology / IT environment including being comfortable with technical discussions and having experience in System Development Lifecyle (SDLC) and solution delivery. 
 The ability to understand and apply the key concepts described in the BABOK® Guide 
 Experience working in an Agile / Scrum environment with shifting priorities 


Nice-to-have


 Experience in a financial/banking environment including the understanding of front, middle and back-office operations, treasury/portfolio management tools, and macro-economic concepts including the role of central banking. 
 Experience working on Business Intelligence or Data Analytics initiatives, including the ability to analyze and understand large datasets, working with tools such as Tableau, Power BI, and Qlik. 
 Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP®), Certification of Capability in Business Analysis (CCBA), Certified Financial Analyst (CFA), or any relevant certification/designation. 


Your Education And Experience


This position requires a bachelor’s degree in a relevant field with a minimum of five (5) years of relevant professional experience


What You Need To Know


 Language requirement: English and French essential (bilingual) with a minimum starting level of functional (level 4) in second official language. Training may be provided to help reach the required level of fully functional (level 5) in second official language. 
 Priority will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents 
 Security level required: Be eligible to obtain Reliability 
 Relocation assistance may be provided, if required 
 Please save a copy of the job poster. Once the closing date has passed, it will no longer be available. 

# Data Scientist. Equifax · Toronto, ON

As a Data Scientist within the Data & Analytics team at Equifax Canada, you will be essential to driving Data Science forward, working closely with the rest of the Canadian Equifax Data Science & Insights team. You will partner with peers, internal stakeholders and external clients to deliver the best decision science models & attributes that leverage Equifax’s vast data assets. These include decision areas covering the credit lifecycle, geodemographic & marketing attributes, ratings & fraud models, as well as any new areas where data driven decision making can be informed by predictive modeling including advanced modeling techniques and machine learning. You will extract the data you need, create new predictive models, and lead analysis of the data and share insights with peers.


What You’ll Do


 Develop new tools, advanced analytical techniques and products. 
 Work with key clients, stakeholders to support development of proprietary analytical products, custom scores and effectively communicate analytical results to key stakeholders using strong data visualizations, superior presentation skills and business language to emphasize the “so what” of the analysis. 
 Project management including defining business and technical requirements, resource planning and analytical solution design. 
 Provide recommendations and market insights that support solving complex business problems. 
 Ensure quality control of all analytical output. 


What Experience You Need


 2+ years of data science experience with strong knowledge of Python, SQL, R or SAS in a large data environment. 
 Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks. 
 Proficiency designing, building and implementing analytical solutions to solve real world problems, with limited direct supervision required. 
 Proven track record of building models with the best packages including scikit learn, XGBoost, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Transformers. 
 Bachelor’s or advanced degree in a quantitative discipline such as Engineering, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, or Physics is essential. 


What Could Set You Apart


 A background in financial services, telecommunications or utilities. 
 Experience working with credit or fraud data. 
 Experience with development and deployment of models in a cloud based environment such as AWS or GCP is preferred. 
 Master’s level degree in a business-related field/MBA. 

 # Junior Help Desk Specialist. Flinks · Toronto, ON (Remote) 

 What You’ll Be Doing 🚀


Provide support for internal users (level 1 & 2)
Provision hardware and software for internal users
Manage users and groups
Manage hardware and software inventory
Install, configure and maintain network equipment
Help with office maintenance and setup, from our headquarters in Toronto
Perform remote troubleshooting through diagnostic techniques and pertinent questions
Determine the best solution based on the issue and details
Record events and problems and their resolution in logs
Identify and suggest possible improvements in procedures


Who You Are 🌟


Tech-savvy with familiarity in remote support tools and basic troubleshooting methodologies;
Strong problem-solving abilities and a willingness to learn and adapt in a dynamic environment;
Service-oriented mindset and a desire to provide exceptional user support;
Ability to understand the client's pain points and act as a consultant to provide solutions, or escalate accordingly
Good understanding of computer systems, mobile devices and other tech products;
Collaborative: eager to participate and contribute to the team;
Proficiency in English and Excellent communication skills;
Knowledge of Windows, OSX, Linux;


Great to haves


Knowledge of Ubiquiti Network, Microsoft AD, Microsoft Azure, Google Suite and Slack

# Data Analyst. Morgan Stanley · Calgary, AB

Located in downtown Calgary and reporting to the Manager, Data Analytics, the Data Analyst role will be instrumental in advancing the data practice at Shareworks by Morgan Stanley. You’ll be the point person on a range of key strategic and operational data deliverables. You’ll also have the opportunity to collaborate cross-functionally with a diverse range of stakeholders and work with a breadth of technologies as the business enhances its data focus.


Responsibilities


 Partner across the organization to design and develop the key operating metrics for the business
 Be a critical decision maker in determining "what matters" -- identify where the data is signaling issues or opportunities, and work with stakeholders across the business to help improve or innovate new processes to drive effectiveness, efficiency, and transparency
 Collaborate in the development and administration of a data repository through the extraction, transformation, and documentation of data from multiple sources
 Analyze high volumes of transactional data to drive insights while providing regular and ad hoc strategic reporting and analysis to key partners and stakeholders across the Morgan Stanley at Work business
 Consult with stakeholders from across the business as a subject matter expert on the data technology stack
 Monitor and enhance master data management processes to ensure data integrity
 Leverage a wide variety of data analytics tools to deliver key operational data across Morgan Stanley at Work product lines
 A Bachelor’s degree in Data Analytics, Economics, Math, Engineering or related field
 2+ years of relevant work experience
 Curious and analytical mindset coupled with a desire to learn new tools and skills
 Proven experience and familiarity working with large amounts of data and the tools and structures needed to do so
 Proficiency with data warehouse and business intelligence tools such as SQL, Excel, Power BI, Dataiku, Tableau, Snowflake and Pendo
 Self-starter, analytical and critical thinker who is not intimidated by complex problems, large datasets, and new tools
 Familiarity or experience with Shareworks or equity compensation is a definite asset
 Comfortable communicating effectively with a wide range of stakeholders at all levels; fluency in technical and business communication and the ability to switch between the two
 Excellent interpersonal, organizational, problem solving, and teamwork skills
 Ability to manage and prioritize multiple requests at one time in a fast-paced environment
 Demonstrated ability in delivering strategic projects that leverage research, business modeling and data analysis to drive alignment and successful outcomes.